Date: Thu, 23 Aug 2001 11:52:10 -0700
From: "Stacey Hartman" <shartman@email.arizona.edu>
Subject: math tutoring for this semester


In an effort to offset some of the needs of students taking math this
semester, the University Learning Center is making the following
tutoring programs available. Please share this information with your
students. Direct any questions or concerns to the University Learning
Center at 621-4548.


Information is as follows:


Small Group Tutoring - NEW! FREE!
- Select Math, Physics, and Chemistry courses. See the schedule online
  at www.ulc.arizona.edu.
- 1 hour per week
- 5-7 students per group
- Must register in Old Main 202
- Register August 20-September 14
- Groups begin September 4


Freshman Year Student Study Center- FREE!  Tutoring is available on a
drop-in basis for most 100-level courses Sunday, Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday, and Thursday evenings from 5:00-9:00 PM on the second floor
of the Park Center Student Union. Tutors are trained peers.  Tutoring
is available to all students, however, priority service is given to
freshmen. Tutoring begins August 26.


Online Tutoring - NEW! FREE!  

- Select Math, Physics, and Chemistry courses.  
- Simultaneous chat, email a tutor, links to other academic resources
  and answers to frequently asked questions.  
- For more information, or to register visit onlinet.ulc.arizona.edu.
- Online tutoring begins August 27th.


Guide To Free Tutoring

This Guide provides students a list of free tutoring available across
campus.  The phone number of the department or organization providing
the tutoring is listed along with a brief description of each tutoring
service. The Guide to Free Tutoring is compiled by The University
Learning Center every semester.  See the Guide at www.ulc.arizona.edu.


Private Tutor Index 

The Private Tutor Index contains referral information of screened
University students working as private tutors. It can only be accessed
on site at Old Main, room 202. If you're interested in finding a tutor
or getting your name and number listed in our private tutor index,
please visit the Old Main 202 or call 621-4548.





